alright i compare I took the long way
around to motive there this very racy
ragtop is the first convertible made by
renault since the 50s and who can blame
you for running off with it it won't be
available here until the spring you can
choose between two types the standard
1.8 or the pastor 16-valve version the
cars good looks a help by the robot here
around the front screen and the hood
which feels completely flat at the back
not spoiling the cars lines and it
doesn't look bad or the hood up either
an hour regular between 15 to 16
thousand pounds it's not too expensive
this is the Clio 16-valve Renee's latest
hot hatchback it's the first to be
fitted with these new wings made from a
special flexible plastic which absorbs
the average tamannah bump and then
returns to its original shape but inside
there's another new development
as a desirable high-performance car the
top speed of 130 miles an hour sadly
it's an ideal target for car thieves so
ranae's answer well a brand new
antitheft device which completely
immobilizes the car it's hidden in here
somewhere but no two cars are the same
skoda is a company fast leaving all
those jokes way behind there now owned
by the vast Volkswagen Empire and this
is the first showing for their favorite
based pickup truck cause Volkswagen also
owned see act and their Toledo is on
show at motor fair for the first time
with Volkswagen engines in 1.6 1.8 and
two liter form built in Barcelona the
company says prices will be keen